you sure no past learner fans have been
waiting for
our Lexus comes off Neymar enters the
field of play
maemura is going to take the captain's
armband whether or not inputs baton or
whether the joy ever goalkeeper we shall
see
crazy challenge from the number 11
my first bit of skill from him again
he's pushed over and again
is from the number once again Neymar is
pushed to the ground
good reason eight or so minutes to go
substitutions have been
there's trips and pushes on Naima
during two old
in Poland
who went in front on two separate
occasions
Neymar made his debut in the game unable
to make an impact we've got the Gamper
to come though against his old sides
Santos on Friday
evening